Orlandry Merchant Guild, Warehouse #4
File Storage
What an ungodly mess.
WorldEnd:
What do you do at the end of the world?
Are you busy? Will you save us?
Oh, jeez...
Didn't anyone consider
sorting this mess out?
Oh, Nephren?
It's late. What's up?
Ren.
Just call me "Ren."
Thanks for the coffee, Ren.
What are you doing here so late?
Looking for your sortie records.
In this pile of junk?
Need help?
Would you?
Okay.
Then, look for files on timeres.
I need to know sortie frequency and timing,
strength differential between sides,
and overall losses. The more
I learn, the better.
You're asking a lot, but roger.
Great. Let's get this done by morning.
If I were going to die in five days,
would you be a little nicer to me?
What if I asked you to let me kiss you?
Hang on...
What the heck did I say?!
What have I done? What have I done?
What have I done?! What have I done?!
Chtholly, you doin' all right?
Oh, you are!
That's great.
Usually after a battle, you seem
to be in a lot of pain.
Now that you mention it...
My body does feel a lot better.
Yeah, it's all about heart and spirit!
Oh, it's because of last night's...
D-Do you know where he is?
You mean Willem?
Well...
Sleeping with Nephren!
Fairy weapons, huh?
Morning, Chtholly.
Good morning.
What were you doing together all night?
Trying to find a way for you to avoid
opening the Fairy Gate and dying.
Don't you understand?
We have to be the ones to fight because
it's the only way to take them out.
Is that really true?
We don't have a choice!
And we don't need your pity!
You're feeling better now, I take it?
Wh-Why?
Tag along for some morning exercise.
Chtholly...
Are you ready to die because you want
to secure a future for these kids?
What does it matter?
Let's see how good you are. Bring it.
Huh?
We're the only ones who
can wield dug weapons.
You can't...
I wouldn't be so sure.
Maybe I can wield it better than you.
Oh, really?
I hope you don't regret those words!
I'll end this farce.
What just happened?
Is that it?
I'll...
You'll?
I'll get you this time!
What did you do?
Listen... Carillons, or dug weapons,
aren't powerful swords that gain potency
from the wielder's venenum output.
Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
They're swords that use the enemy's force
against them when it hits the blade.
The stronger the opponent,
the more lethal they are.
Say...
Don't you think there could be
a better way to fight than
what you've done so far?
A way that doesn't use your so-called
trump card of self-destruction?
What could you possibly
understand about us?
You fight without knowing the basics,
so you can only swing your
sword with brute force.
You're the one that doesn't understand.
What the heck?
What is with you?
You show up out of nowhere
and act like you know it all!
Do you seriously think this
fighting style is good enough?
I won't accept it!
I can't accept it!
I can't accept that everything
we've done has been a mistake!
Just listen to me!
Don't listen to him!
If you understand how dug
weapons are meant to work...
Don't say it!
And if you learn the proper way
to fight with Seniorious...
Don't find out!
You could come back alive.
What in the world are you...
Your movements are sharp.
I like your guts and instincts, too.
And your venenum flow
is pretty special.
I can breathe easy now.
You're plenty strong.
And you have the potential
to grow much stronger.
So...
You'd better come back alive.
What's happening?
Let me confirm.
Three days from now,
when the clock strikes eight,
we are to dispatch three wielders of dug
weapons, along with their swords,
from Island 68's port.
One of these will be the fairy who wields
Seniorious, and during this operation...
During this operation,
she is to open the Fairy Gate.
Confirmed.
Why must one of our girls
be the only one to die?
They have yet to experience love
or any of life's other joys.
What the hell? What is
wrong with this world?
Pardon us.
Wh-What? At least knock...
It's an emergency.
Willem's...
Willem's gonna die!
You managed to defeat me?
Your strength is impressive,
young human.
But all those spells you used
will surely return to torment you as curses.
I shall now enter slumber for a century.
Unfortunately, I don't think I
shall be able to see you die.
Get going already, you zombie.
Let me die in peace.
Goodbye, human brave.
I always knew I wouldn't
die a peaceful death.
My bad, Lillia.
Forgive me, Souwong.
I must leave the rest to you.
Almaria...
I'm truly sorry.
A dream?
You seemed to be having
a pretty bad one.
What's with your body?
Your bones are all broken,
your organs are barely functional,
and your muscles are so frail,
I could easily bite them off.
Wouldn't be very filling, right?
I'm seriously worried!
I don't know what happened,
but how can you live in this state?
They're what you'd call battle scars.
From the past?
Well, I went through a lot.
Get some rest.
No getting out of bed.
It happened quite a while ago.
I was helping a certain
group of salvagers.
While exploring one day,
we came across a frozen
underground lake.
That's where we found him.
Our investigation revealed that he'd been
placed under a petrification curse.
After that, we carried him
back to the sky islands.
When he woke up, things got crazy.
With him going wild and our
inability to communicate.
But the babel talisman he had on him
helped us to talk to one another.
That was how we finally
learned who he was.
The human race turned other
races against it, kept fighting,
and was wiped out, along with
all surface life.
That wretched race we call
emnetwihts had one sole survivor.
That's him, Willem Kmetsch.
I know how that makes you feel.
But I don't want for you
to fear or hate him.
So please...
Wait for me!
Willem!
What's this I hear about you
being wiped out?
Emnetwihts aren't really
very different from us.
How intriguing.
Tell me all about your people.
Uh, I don't know how to say this,
but cheer up!
Sure.
You girls...
Wait for me!
What am I going to do with them?
It sure got quieter all of a sudden.
If you don't keep it down,
I'll throw you out, as well.
Please don't.
Since the half-dead man over there
is apparently an emnetwiht,
there's something I'd like to ask him.
What is it?
I'm just wondering why a great
emnetwiht would go so far for us.
I mean, risking your life
for no real reason?
That's pretty disgusting.
Well, you know...
Isn't it only natural to be
nice to cute kids?
Especially if they're girls.
We're only cute in appearance.
Besides, we're all girls.
Gender isn't a consideration.
An attractive appearance
is a manifestation of one's
desire to be loved.
That desire to be held dear
is why they look like that.
And that applies to us, too?
I mean, as a race,
you're all born in this form.
Convincing argument, right?
So you're saying our entire race
is all attention-seekers?
And if we take into account
your love for young girls...
Oh, it makes sense now!
Wait, you've got it wrong.
What the heck? That's hilarious!
Chtholly?
You must be kidding me.
You can't be saying he's right.
You're the one that doesn't understand.
Do you seriously think this
fighting style is good enough?
There we go.
I'm off, then.
I was so, so scared.
It took me so long to finally
resign myself to my fate.
I don't want to go back.
I'm sorry I showed up without notice.
No problem.
Proud warriors always have a place
to seek refuge from the winds.
Thank you, Officer Limeskin.
That's bitter...
What happened?
It's too late to say I'm
afraid of dying, isn't it?
Technical Officer Willem showed me
a new, different fighting style.
I can't...
I can't accept it!
It'd mean accepting that the
older fairies died in vain!
But...
It struck fear within you?
Yes.
I see!
That man wants to fight the
wind blowing inside of you?
Wind?
What you call resolve.
Would it be a bit easier to understand
if I call it "resignation"?
Are you saying I lack
a warrior's resolve?
Nay.
Resolve and resignation are
essentially the same thing.
They both indicate a choice to cast aside
precious things to achieve one's goals.
All warriors have wind in their hearts.
On their aimless path,
it shows them the way.
So once the battle ends,
their pure souls may find rest.
Officer...
I don't understand half
of what you're saying.
Is that so?
But I'd like to make a confession,
even if it gets me yelled at.
Actually,
I have never wanted to be a warrior.
Good job hanging in there, Seniorious.
Hey.
Welcome home, runaway girl.
I was just out for a walk.
What are you doing?
Maintenance on your partner.
Don't do as you please without
the wielder's permission.
What a beautiful performance.
Performance, huh?
Say, what are these lights?
Shining talismans.
Carillons are made
by fitting a bunch of talismans together
in the shape of a sword.
Huh...
So this must be light from
a wish someone made.
The talisman you just flicked
lets you avoid burning your
tongue on a hot drink.
The one next to it
lets you know which way is north,
even in a place you've never been.
And the ones above it prevent
nightmares when you have a cold,
Uh, this is Seniorious, right?
help you imitate cat meows...
Isn't it a legendary weapon?
Magically connecting talismans
causes a complex reaction and gives
them entirely new effects, apparently.
Since it's called a legendary holy sword,
I thought it'd be something
more extraordinary.
Too bad about that, huh?
I just spoke with First-Grade
Officer Limeskin.
He said that if I make up
my mind by the day of the battle,
I don't have to open the Fairy Gate.
And that he'd stake Island 15's fate
on my resolve and potential.
Yeah?
Can I really grow stronger?
I'll make you, even if you don't want to.
Let me take you up on that
and say this, then.
What?
You see...
I don't want to be strong!
That's where you're supposed to notice
my affection and accept it in tears!
I'm being as accepting as I can.
Take a hint, dummy.
Then, if you come back alive,
I'll grant you a wish, anything you want.
Oh, but no "marry me" or
anything like that, okay?
But you said anything!
Pick something more
grounded in reality.
Sweets...
The other day, you made sweets
in the mess, remember?
Can you make butter cake, too?
I'll feed you enough cake
to give you heartburn.
You see, one of the older fairies
would feast on butter cake every
time she came back from battle.
But since it's no longer
on the mess hall menu,
I can't imitate her.
So, please.
Of all things...
Willem?
Oh, fine.
You're on. I'll feed you enough
to give you heartburn.
So come back alive, no matter what.
You got it.
And?
Why are you grabbing
lunch with me here?
I taught them all I know
and tuned their swords
as much as I could.
Uh, go see them off, dude!
Not like it'll improve their
chances of victory.
You never know. A heart full of faith could
give birth to a mysterious power!
It won't. That's why everyone
has such a hard time.
You're way too cynical, man.
We're off, then.
Oh, right...
Do you know any shops that sell
butter and flour for cheap?
Next Episode
dice in pot
Next Episode:
dice in pot.